#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-postgres
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via python-jose
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hiredis==3.2.1
    # via redis
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.3
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.16
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   pgvector
orjson==3.11.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-postgres
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via langchain-postgres
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-jose[cryptography]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
redis[hiredis]==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
six==1.17.0
    # via ecdsa
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via psycopg
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
